Update README template & ad353xr READMEs (#1763)
analogdevicesinc/hdl: projects/common/README.md

> ---------------------------
> 
> <!-- Put flags here, i.e. no_build_example, no_dts, no_no_os -->
> 
> # EVAL-BOARD/CARRIER HDL Project (Template for the carrier-specific README.md)
> 

Reviewer: I would add a detailed comment describing the need of flags. 

```suggestion
---------------------------

! Based on the project, some sections of README are not needed. Please specify this using the following flags: **no_build_example** (no build section needed), **no_dts** (no .dts available at the time of writing the readme file), **no_no_os** (no os project available at the moment of writing the project) so that the readme checker script knows the context and doesn't throw errors. These flags will be specified on the first line of the README file, as a markdown comment, like the example below. !

<!-- no_build_example, no_dts, no_no_os -->

# EVAL-BOARD/CARRIER HDL Project (Template for the carrier-specific README.md)

```

Also, I was thinking of a new flag called **no_default_config**. User would use this flag when it is no needed to specify a default configuration. But there're are some JESD projects which contain in their README just the default configuration, no other configurations. So, for JESD projects I think it's important to specify the default parameters., no matter if other configurations exist or not (this can be done in two ways: [example1](https://github.com/analogdevicesinc/hdl/tree/main/projects/adrv9371x/zcu102) or [example2](https://github.com/analogdevicesinc/hdl/tree/main/projects/ad9213_evb/vcu118)).

Author: Done
